[4.5.] docs(multiselect):Document Tag Template (#1584)
telerik/blazor-docs: _contentTemplates/dropdowns/templates.md

The `ItemTemplate` exposes a `context` which represents the data item object. Cast it to the respective model type to access or render the item properties.
#end

#tag-template

> The `TagTemplate` determines how the selected items are rendered in the main element of the component. By default, the text from the particular suggestion is rendered inside the tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `TagTemplate` determines how the selected items are rendered in the main element of the component. By default, the text (`TextField` value) from the particular item is rendered inside the tag.
```
